Amen, Psalm 81, Psalm 81 this evening.
And if you have your Bible with you,
we've been in Psalm 81 for a number of weeks now.
And if you haven't been here for those lessons,
I'll try to quickly give you an overview.
As we finish up the Psalm this evening,
you'll be looking at verses 13 through 16.
We mentioned that this Psalm is a Psalm
that's associated with the Feast of Tabernacles.
And we studied in the first week what that was all about
and how the children of Israel would use this Psalm
during that era or that time during the year.
And we talked about how we're to sing,
make mention in verse number one,
sing aloud unto God our strength,
make a joyful noise unto the God of Jacob.
And our God wants to hear us sing, amen.
And I hope you got a song in your heart.
I'm so thankful for the great hymns of the faith.
And we praise the Lord for that.
You go through and you find how God
is giving to them instruction
with regard to reminding them
of all that he's done for them
and delivering them from Egyptian bondage.
And then we got down to verse number seven.
Notice it says, thou callest in trouble and I delivered thee.
I answered thee in the secret place of thunder.
I proved thee at the waters of Meribah, Sila.
As we looked at verse seven,
rejoicing the fact that we can call upon our God
in the time of trouble
and we can have that confidence that he hears us
and that he's able to deliver us
and he's able to answer and what a blessing.
And then we talked about the proving
and there are times in your life and in my life
that God will lead us directly into a circumstance,
a situation to prove to us,
to test us and to prove his ability and his power.
And then we find that we entered into these last portion
really of this chapter, verses eight through 16.
And we've had a three-part lesson really on these verses
because we find in verse number eight
that the Bible says, hear all my people
and I will testify unto thee, O Israel.
And then notice this, if thou will hearken unto me.
And that first lesson in verses eight
down through verse number 10,
we talked about the desire that God had
to instruct his people and the desire that he had
that they would hearken unto him,
that they would obey him,
that they would keep the truth that he's giving to them.
We find that God has provided us with good instruction.
And I'm so thankful that we have a Bible
and the question that is asked of Israel
is asked of us as well.
And remember he made this promise in verse number 10.
He told them, open thy mouth wide and I will fill it.
I mean, what a great declaration,
what a great promise that God gives to them
in verse number 10.
But then as we studied last Wednesday evening,
as we looked at verses 11 and 12,
we find that the Bible says,
but my people would not hearken to my voice.
Isn't that a sad statement?
He didn't say that the world,
he didn't say that the other people groups of the world,
he didn't say the other nations,
he didn't say lost people.
He said, my people would not hearken to my voice.
And the Bible says that Israel would none of me,
it really carries with the idea
that they wanted nothing to do with God.
And so what did God do?
Well, God doesn't force himself upon us.
He doesn't make us follow him
and do what he's commanded us to do.
And so it tells us that he gave them up
unto their own hearts lust
and they walked in their own counsels.
This week, as we wrap up this chapter,
we'll be looking at verses 13 through 16.
And as we begin to look at these portions
or these verses to finish out this text,
it reveals to us the consequence, if you will,
of their disobedience.
Because the Bible says that they hearken not
and yet we find that in verse number 13,
the Bible says, oh, that my people had hearkened unto me
and Israel had walked in my ways.
Verse 14, I should soon have subdued their enemies
and turned my hand against their adversaries.
The haters of the Lord
should have submitted themselves unto him,
but their time should have endured forever.
He should have fed them also
with the finest of the wheat
and with honey out of the rock
should I have satisfied thee.
As we look at these verses of scripture,
I've really titled the lesson for this evening
in verses 13 through 16, what if they hearkened?
What if they hearkened?
See, the Bible says in verse number eight,
if thou wilt hearken unto me,
we find in verse number 11,
but my people would not hearken to my voice.
And we find in verse number 13,
oh, that my people had hearkened unto me.
Let me ask you this question this evening
by way of introduction.
Do you like it when people listen to you?
Sure you do.
Let me ask it this way.
When you pray, do you expect,
do you desire that God hears you when you pray, right?
You want God to hearken unto your voice, don't you?
You, when you pray, when you enter into his presence,
you're desiring that he's going to hear you.
And we find here that God is,
in verse number 13, really reveals to us,
to his people, his heart for them.
He says, oh, that my people had hearkened unto me.
God gave the truth and God desires
that we would obey the truth,
that we would hearken to his voice.
We find that the blessing would be the result of obedience.
And he said, and Israel had walked in my ways.
They didn't walk in God's ways.
It says in verse number 12
that they walked in their own counsels.
It wasn't that they didn't have the truth.
It wasn't that they didn't have the instruction.
It was that they rejected it and went their own way.
They said, no, we don't want that.
We have a better way.
We have the way that we wanna go.
And I said this last week,
and it's worth being reminded of this evening.
The danger is that we as New Testament believers
in 2025 can do the same thing.
We can do the same thing.
We can go to God's word
and we can hear God's word being preached or taught.
We can read it in our devotions
and we can see that God is giving to us instruction.
And we can determine, well, that's for that group.
We begin to excuse and to explain away.
And the reality is that God gave us good instruction.
He just wants us to obey him.
Oh, that my people had hearkened unto me.
Can you see the heart of God there in verse number 13?
And God gave good instruction
and he knew what the consequences would be
both of obedience and of disobedience.
In fact, as you study in the Pentateuch,
you find the book of Leviticus
and then you find again in the book of Deuteronomy.
And Deuteronomy makes it in a real simple statement.
I set before you today, a blessing and a curse.
And the blessing would be the result of obedience.
The curse, the result of disobedience.
We find in the book of Leviticus,
there's a lengthy portion of scripture
that if you obey my voice,
here's all the things that I'm going to do.
And if you disobey my voice,
here's all the things that are gonna happen.
God made it plain and clear.
And as we come to this text of scripture
and we really begin to understand what God is saying here,
we find that God says in verse number 14,
I should soon have,
and he's going to explain what he would have done.
I asked or I said that the title this evening
is what if they hearkened as we close out this Psalm.
Really what happens is God begins to reveal to us
in this passage of scripture to them here in Psalm 81
at the time as they would read this
and they would be familiar with this,
that these are the things that we forfeited
because of our disobedience.
And sometimes we really don't think about it that way.
We don't really think about what am I forfeiting
in order to do what I wanna do,
to go and to walk after my own counsels,
to do what I, by the way, it's my life,
I can and we start hearing these types of things.
And the reality is that we forfeit some things.
And God is going to give a little glimpse here
in verses 14, 15 and 16.
Notice again, I should soon have what God would have done
if they simply would have hearkened to his voice.
Now, here's the important thing
that we must understand this evening.
This is God speaking.
This is not an exaggeration.
This is not an embellishment.
This is not a situation where you say to your kids,
well, if you would have obeyed me, I would have taken you,
blah, blah, blah, I would have blah, blah, blah.
No, no, no, this is God speaking.
And by the way, God cannot lie, amen.
So when God is revealing to his people
and to us by way of preservation
what he soon would have done for them,
this is exactly what God was going to do.
And by the way, it was what God could do
because God has all power and God can.
And so as we look here and we begin to see really
as we break it into four thoughts this evening
as to what did the people forfeit
in order to go their own way.
See, sometimes we don't think about maybe in our lives
what we forfeit when we go our own way.
When we decide that we're gonna do life our way,
we're gonna disregard what God has said.
We're gonna do what we wanna do.
And we say, well, life seems to be okay.
I didn't like, I didn't die.
I didn't get struck by a lightning bolt.
have whatever. And the reality is that God is long-suffering towards us. He's gracious
towards us. But what are we missing out on? Notice, first of all, He says this in verse
14, I should soon have subdued their enemies. I want you to think about the nation of Israel
and I want you to think about the regular occurrence as you study the Old Testament
of them and their enemies. They had many. They constantly, throughout their history,
are dealing with opposition and adversity and all the enemies and we find that God says
I should soon have subdued their enemies. Hold your place here and turn to Proverbs
16, if you will, and I want you to see what God says here in Proverbs 16 with regard to
this thought of what God was able to do and God is able to do that. God is able to subdue
the enemies. By the way, as you study the book of Joshua and other portions in the history
of Israel, the Kings and the Chronicles, you find God working miraculously to subdue the
enemies of the people of God. We find in Proverbs 16 and verse number 7, notice it says, when
a man's ways please the Lord, he maketh even his enemies to be at peace with him. That's
what God is able to do. That's how God is able to work and the reality is that as we
look at Psalm 81 and we understand what we've studied over the past couple of weeks in understanding
the decision of the children of Israel, their ways were not pleasing to God. You find, as
we mentioned last week, as we looked at really referencing the cycle of the period of the
judges and where there was these groups of people that would oppose them and they would
oppress them and they would be in bondage and all that would take place and it was because
of idolatry and wickedness and disobedience and God was not pleased with their ways. But
here we find that God says I should soon have subdued their enemies. By the way, the people
of God, the children of Israel, were regularly seeking God when they were defeated and they
were down and out. They would, maybe God will help us. I think about Jeremiah, when Jeremiah
is preaching on the eve of the Babylonian captivity and we begin, and obviously that
would be way after this psalm being written, but I want you to think about what happens
and Jeremiah is prophesying, he's telling them what's going to happen, God's made it
clear and they still come to Jeremiah and they want to know, is God going to fight for
us? You know what God says? I'm going to fight against you. You say, whoa, what? Judgment
was going to come upon them because of their disobedience. They were going to face a 70
year captivity. If you study it out and you understand why, it's because they weren't
keeping the Sabbath year as they were supposed to and so they would be in captivity for 70
years. And by the way, when Daniel is reading Jeremiah and it reveals to him the fact that
their 70 years are accomplished and God gives him the vision and you see how all these things
come together and how beautiful it is and they're in that 70 year captivity. And what
I'm saying about that is that God is, the judgment was going to come, why? Because of
their disobedience. But God said, I should soon have subdued their enemies. Notice, he
says, and turned my hand against their adversaries. It's really the first and second thought here
in verse number 14 are definitely complementary and we see the similarities here between these
two statements. But I want to remind you of what Deuteronomy 30 says and this would be
something that was being spoken to the children of Israel just before they would enter into
the land. Obviously, God is using Moses here to give them the charge before they would
enter into the land to prepare them for all that would take place. And we come to Deuteronomy
chapter number 30 and it's getting right to the end here of all that's going on and we
see in verse number 7 it says, and the Lord thy God will put all these curses upon thine
enemies and on them that hate thee which persecuted thee. And so that's a, that's a truth that
God's giving to them. And as you look at the passage, and we read this lengthy passage
last week on Wednesday evening, but we find that he tells them about the fact that God's
word was made available to them, it was not far from them, but then he tells them in verse
number 19, I call heaven and earth to record this day against you that I have set before
you life and death, blessing and cursing. Therefore, choose life that both thou and
thy seed may live. What was the choice? How would they choose life? It would be by choosing
to go God's way. By choosing to obey, to hearken to the voice of God. And that's why God says
in Psalm 81, if thou will hearken unto me. He says, there shall be no strange, there
shall no strange gods be in thee, neither shalt thou worship any strange God. He tells
them open thy mouth wide and I will fill it. But no, the people didn't want to hear it.
The people didn't want to hearken. They wanted to go their own way. And God gave them up
according to verse number 12 and allowed them to walk in their own counsels. But what they
forfeited, what they missed out on, they missed out on God doing what God had promised
to do. Can I tell you there are times that we miss out on seeing God work? Think about
this with me. Jesus did not many mighty works there. Why? Because of their unbelief. Because
of their unbelief. What about the truth in Psalm 78 when the Bible says that they limited
the Holy One of Israel? How do they limit God, the One that can do all things? What
was it on the part of the people that limited God? It was their unbelief. And we find that
as you study the history of Israel, as you study the early church, and you study the
Scriptures, as you study your own life and examine your own life, I wonder how often
do we miss out on seeing what God can do simply because we don't follow His path. We lean
on our own understanding and we miss out on seeing what God is able to do because
God is able. And God provided them with this portion of Scripture as we close this Psalm
by telling them, here's what I would have done for you. You know, it just makes me sad
reading the portion of Scripture because I don't want to miss out on what God could do
in my life. And you're seeing what God can do in your life, in our lives, in our ministry
because we didn't live by faith. We didn't trust Him and obey Him. We didn't follow
His Word. We chose that we were going to do it our own way. Well, we are approaching 2026
and we got to just throw this out and go this new way. No, no, no. Hold on. What are we
going to miss out on? I want to see God work. The psalmist says in Psalm 119, it is time
for thee to work. Notice in verse 15, as we see here, really a verse that deals with God's
favor and blessing upon His people. He says, the haters of the Lord should have submitted
themselves unto Him. And we see verse 14 about the dealing with the enemies and the adversaries,
but their time should have endured forever. And we think about God's truth that He provided
there in verse number 10, open thy mouth wide and I will fill it. We see really the idea
of that both in verse 15 and also in verse number 16. You don't need to turn back there,
but I read for you just a moment ago in Deuteronomy 30 and verse 19, it says, therefore choose
life that both thou and thy seed may live. He says here in verse 15, but their time,
the end of the verse, should have endured forever. Listen, we've often said this. It
was not God's plan for Him to take His people out of Egypt to wander for 40 years in the
wilderness. God's plan was to take His people out of Egypt and take them into the land of
promise, right? But they didn't go directly from Egypt into the land of promise. Why?
Because of their unbelief. I mean, isn't it interesting how everything goes back to unbelief?
By the way, Hebrews 11, 6, without faith, it's impossible to please Him. Amen? And so
we see this thing of faith and unbelief. And if you read numbers 14 and you read about
what happens there and their unbelief, they did not believe that God was able to lead
them into the... Joshua and Caleb tried to steal the people and persuade the people,
but they did not want to hear it. And what happened? Well, there's 40 years of wilderness
wanderings. But can I also submit to you this evening that God, I don't believe God brought
His people to the land that He promised them, starting all the way back with Abraham. He
promised it. It's repeated promise. He did not promise and then bring them into a land
so that He could take them out of the land. Amen? He brought them to the land to be their
land, to be their place. It was their promised land. And we find that as you begin to look
at their history, why is it that the northern kingdom is taken captive by the Assyrians
way before the southern kingdom is taken captive by the Babylonians. But you find what's happening
is because of, again, if you read through the portions of scripture, you know what you
find? Because of your disobedience. Because of your disobedience. Because you would not
obey.
because you did not hearken.
In fact, if you want to do a study,
I actually jot it down, all kinds of notes
and verses to go to.
We just don't have time on a Wednesday evening
to look at all of them.
But if you go and just look up in a concordance,
the word hearkened,
and you look up a combination of hearkened not,
you'll see repeatedly where it said
about the people of God that they hearkened not
to the voice of God.
They didn't believe, they didn't obey.
And so what happened?
Well, there's judgment.
And God says to his people
that you could have possessed this land,
but because of your disobedience, judgment came.
By the way, if you read the book of Leviticus,
God tells them, if you disobey,
I'm gonna spew you out of the land.
Guess what?
They disobeyed.
And so guess what?
They were spewed out of the land.
And we find that God, again,
when you begin to see what's happening here
in verses 13 through 16,
how God is revealing again, it's not an embellishment.
It's not an exaggeration.
This is God speaking.
And he's saying, oh, that my people had hearkened unto me
and Israel had walked in my ways.
I should soon have, here's what God said he would do.
Notice in verse 16.
We see in verse 16, God's abundant provision for his people.
Notice he should have fed them also.
Notice what the Bible says, with the finest of the wheat.
Now, he could have just said he would have fed them.
He could have just said he would have fed them with wheat.
But he wants us to know, listen, God,
every good gift and every perfect gift,
we see that in James 1.
You think about when he says,
hey, you earthly fathers, you know how to give good gifts,
but how much more your heavenly father, amen.
And he says, listen, God's best, the finest of the wheat.
It wasn't that he just says that he would feed them
or that he would have fed them with wheat,
but he said he should have fed them also
with the finest of the wheat.
The people of God complained about manna, did they not?
But you know, it's miraculous that God gave them manna.
It's amazing how God could sustain them.
You ever wonder, I'm not smart enough to figure it out,
but you ever wonder like,
what was the nutritional value of manna?
Had to be pretty awesome, amen.
I mean, people running around talking about,
I need this much protein and I need this much whatever,
and I just give me some manna, man,
and it takes care of all of it.
Praise God.
And every morning, they didn't have to work for it.
I mean, they just had to go out and gather it.
That's not really a whole lot of work.
It's a lot easier than hunting, amen.
I've never been hunting, you know why?
Because people talk about all these stories
about sitting in a tree stand for six hours
in 15 degree weather and I didn't see anything.
And I'm like, yep, I went to Costco and I walked in
and I got my meat and I walked out.
Praise God, it was awesome.
All the hunters said, I can't believe he just said that.
I'm just telling you, it works well.
I had to hunt, actually I went to Costco the other day
to get some meat for the open house
and I had to hunt, Brother Mark,
for about two and a half minutes
because the pork was in a different section
than it used to be.
But it was a fast hunt, I got it, amen.
And the reality is that God provided,
he said he would give them the finest of the wheat.
Notice, and with honey out of the rock,
should I have satisfied thee.
I made this statement as we looked at verse number 10
when the Bible said at the end of the verse,
open thy mouth wide and I will fill it.
I said that he satisfies.
And the reality is that he concludes the whole psalm
by saying, I have satisfied thee.
He says, and with honey out of the rock,
should I have satisfied thee.
And we gotta think about God's best
and in Deuteronomy chapter 32,
and I know we keep going back to Deuteronomy,
there's so many references that are just paralleled here.
And I want you to look in verse seven
and this is really the song of Moses
as we near the end of the life of Moses
in the book of Deuteronomy
and going into the account of Joshua
leading the people into the land.
But we come to the song of Moses in Deuteronomy 32
and look in verse number seven,
the Bible says this, remember the days of old,
consider the years of many generations,
ask thy father and he will show thee thy elders
and they will tell thee.
When the most high divided to the nations
and their inheritance,
when he separated the sons of Adam,
he set the bounds of the people
according to the number of the children of Israel.
For the Lord's portion is his people.
Jacob is the lot of his inheritance.
He found him in a desert land
and in the waste howling wilderness.
He led him about, he instructed him,
he kept him as the apple of his eye.
As an eagle stirreth up her nest,
fluttereth over her young,
spreadeth abroad her wings,
taketh them, beareth them on her own wings.
And so the Lord alone did lead him
and there was no strange God with him.
He made him ride on the high places of the earth
that he might eat the increase of the fields
and he made him to suck honey out of the rock
and oil out of the flinty rock.
Verse 14, butter of kine and milk of sheep
with fat of lambs and rams of the breed of Bashan
and goats with the fat of kidneys of wheat
and thou didst drink the pure blood of the grape
but Jeshurun waxed fat and kicked.
Thou art wax and fat, thou art grown thick,
thou art covered with fatness.
Then he forsook God which made him
and lightly esteemed the rock of his salvation.
How interesting to read this portion
of the Song of Moses and understand
some historical aspect of what he's saying
but also some prophetical aspect of what he's saying.
And yet the children of Israel seemingly
didn't really learn.
You know, it's interesting,
Judah didn't really learn from Israel, did they?
Judah, watching what happened to Israel
and all that took place,
they soon followed in the very same footsteps.
Though they had many that would come
and prophesy against them
and God being faithful to say return,
they wanted none of God.
Turn to the book of Hebrews, if you will.
I wanna make an application for us
as we close this evening.
And I want you to look in the book of Hebrews
and I want you to consider a few portions quickly
in the book of Hebrews this evening.
See, God has given to us instruction
just as he said to his people in Psalm 81
that he would instruct them and he did
and God's given us a whole Bible
and how thankful I am to have a whole Bible this evening.
And we find that God has preserved his word providentially.
We can have confidence in the Bible
that we hold in our lap
and we can know what God has said to us
and what his instruction is for us
and God desires that we'd obey him
and we too deal with the blessing and the judgment.
And we notice in Hebrews one,
notice in verse number one,
God, what a great way to start a book, by the way.
I mean, there's no introduction of let me give you
who I am and what this or who I'm writing to.
God, who at sundry times and in divers manners
spake in time past unto the fathers by the prophets
hath in these last days spoken unto us by his son,
whom he hath appointed heir of all things
by whom also he made the world
to being the brightness of his glory
and the express image of his person
upholding all things by the word of his power
when he had by himself purged our sins,
sat down on the right hand of the majesty on high.
Isn't that a wonderful introduction to the book?
God has spoken, he says in verse number one
in various manners by through the prophets,
but he mentions in verse number two
about speaking in these last days by his son
and we find that as we forward into chapter two,
we can look at a few passages quickly.
Notice in chapter two in verse number one,
therefore, we ought to give the more earnest heed
to the things which we have, what does it say?
Heard, lest at any time we should let them slip.
So he speaks in chapter one
about the way that God spoke to us
and he talks about who Jesus is
and how much better he is and he's superior.
He goes through the entire book
talking about Christ is better than
and you fill in the blank.
He's superior to everything
and the Old Testament is a shadow of good things to come,
but he says in verse number one of chapter two,
therefore, we ought to give the more,
notice he says the more earnest heed
to the things which we have heard,
lest at any time we should let them slip.
Verse two, for if the word spoken by angels
was steadfast and every transgression
and disobedience received a just recompense of reward,
how shall we escape if we neglect so great salvation,
which at the first began to be spoken by the Lord
and was confirmed unto us by them that heard him?
Who are those?
Well, those are the apostles.
You read the book of 1 John,
John talks about we're witnesses of these things
and we're now telling you these things
and we find that that's how God was working
and so God worked through miracles.
If you look at verse number four, you see that
and how he confirmed the word,
which is really a fulfillment of what he says
at the end of the book.
the Gospels and how he would confirm the word
with many signs and he did just that.
But then we come to chapter number 12
of the book of Hebrews and there's so much
in between chapters one and two and 12
but this isn't a study in the book of Hebrews.
And so look at chapter 12 just quickly
as we kind of make application.
We see what happened with the nation of Israel.
We read Psalm 81, we see how God gave them instruction
and God wanted them to hearken
and God told them open your mouth and I'll fill it.
I mean open your mouth wide and I'll fill it
and God wanted them to hearken but they would not.
And so God gave them up, God let them go their own way.
And then God says here's what you missed out on,
here's what I would have done
if you would have just hearkened to my voice.
And the problem, the danger is as much
as we can study history in Psalm 81
and we can look at all these examples
of the nation of Israel, the problem is sometimes
it's true in our own lives.
That God's given us the instruction but we hearken not
and we miss out on what God has for us,
the good things that God would do for us.
Notice in verse 25 of Hebrews 12,
the Bible says see that ye refuse not him that speaketh.
For if they escape not who refused him that spake on earth,
much more shall not we escape if we turn away
from him that speaketh from heaven.
Now let me ask you when it says here
see that you refuse not him that speaketh,
oftentimes what happens is when we don't obey
what God has said, when we're not being obedient
to the instruction, we're not hearkening,
we don't really wanna call it disobedience,
we don't wanna call it that we're refusing him,
we wanna try to use some terms
that are gonna make us feel less sinful,
really just to make it real plain.
And yet we find here that he says
see that ye refuse not him that speaketh.
This evening I believe that all the instruction
that God has given to us as his people is good instruction.
Amen, it's good instruction.
The Old Testament is profitable for us,
where it's given to us for our admonition,
for our learning, there are principles
that we can take and we must apply them.
We find that the Bible teaches us
prove what is acceptable in the sight of the Lord
and we're to prove, we're to go through his word
and we're to take and apply truth in our lives.
And the danger, the concern I guess
is the word I should use, the concern for me this evening
as I look at my own life after studying through Psalm 81
and the concern that I would have as we finish this Psalm
is I don't wanna miss out on what God could do
because of not hearkening to his voice,
because I think there's a better way,
because I think that my way is,
or because I just disregard,
I'm just going through life
and just kinda having this attitude of like,
well I know God gave me a Bible
but like I don't really go to it
to find out what he wants for me,
I don't really seek him, I'm just,
I mean I have degrees and I have this
and I have all this life experience
and I'm just, sometimes we can fall into those traps.
And you know what you find, God's way,
as he says to the people as Isaiah is prophesying,
God's way is not our way, God's way is not our way,
but God's way is the right way.
And as we get ourselves into the Bible
and we think and act biblically
and we say I wanna hearken to the voice of God,
I wanna obey, why?
Because I don't wanna miss out on seeing what God can do,
because God says,
oh that they would have hearkened to my voice
and if they did, here's what I would have done.
It's not an embellishment, it's not an exaggeration,
it's not a parent trying to convince a child
down the road to be obedient
because you'll get some kind of whatever,
no, this is God Almighty,
the one who is perfect and sinless,
the one that cannot lie,
he says here's what I would have done
if you just obeyed, just hearkened to my voice.
I hope that after a study through the book
or through the Psalm, Psalm 81,
I hope that after studying that Psalm,
each one of us would leave with a determination,
I'm gonna hearken to the voice of God.
I don't want God to just give me up to do my own thing,
no, I wanna consult the word of God,
I wanna know what his instruction is
and apply it in my life, why?
Because I want God's blessing and I want God's favor
and that comes through obedience.
Let's pray, Father we love you,
we thank you so much for loving us,
we thank you.